=head1 NAME

jamid - core daemon for Jami: secure and distributed voice, video and chat communication platform.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<jamid> [OPTION]...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Jami is meant to be a robust enterprise-class desktop phone. It provides functions like call transfer, call hold, multiple lines, multiple accounts support.
Jami audio layer is build upon a native ALSA interface and and a native PulseAudio interface.
B<jamid> is the core of Jami; it provides the DBus service "net.jami.daemon1". You need to install a client to use the daemon, for instance GTK+ client, B<jami-gnome>.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-c, --console>

Output the log to the console instead of syslog.

=item B<-d, --debug>

Debug mode (more verbose output).

=item B<-a, --auto-answer>

Force automatic answer to incoming calls.

=item B<-p, --persistent>

Stay alive after all clients quit.

=item B<-h, --help>

Print short list of command-line options.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Please report bugs at https://git.jami.net/savoirfairelinux/ring-daemon/issues/.

=head1 AUTHORS

B<jamid> is developed in Montreal by Savoir-faire Linux Inc.

This manual page was written by Emmanuel Milou <emmanuel.milou@savoirfairelinux.com>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<jami-gnome>(1)

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 as published by the
Free Software Foundation.

On Debian GNU/Linux systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

=cut
